# 💻 Initial structure and a simple handler
### Introduction

The structure of the module was described in the previous section. Now let's move on to its creation!

::: info
First read the [pyrogram documentation](https://docs.pyrogram.org/), this only describes the specifics of writing for PBModular
:::

### Step 1: Create module directory
Now you need to create a command, such as /hello, so that the bot responds "Hello World" to that command.

### Step 2: Writing the command
Example of a command handler:
```python
async def on_hello(self, bot: Client, message: Message):
    await message.reply("Hello World!")
```

### Step 3: Command Registration
Bot must know that this command is declared. To do this, the function needs to be registered as a handler for the command. PBModular uses decorators for this purpose:

- `@command`: To register the command.
- `@callback_query`: To handle button events.
- `@message`: To process any messages.

The `@command` decorator takes as arguments a list or a single command to which the bot will respond, and an optional [Pyrogram filter](https://docs.pyrogram.org/topics/use-filters). The Pyrogram filter is taken as arguments, even though it is optional, it is highly recommended to install it!


### Step 4: Importing and using the decorator
Import the `@command` decorator from `base.module` and use it:

```python
from base.module import command
...
@command("hello")
async def on_hello(self, bot: Client, message: Message):
    await message.reply("Hello World!")
```

Example of use with a filters:
```python
from pyrogram import filters
...
@command("start", filters.regex(r"/start \w+$"))
```
::: info

Initially there was registration of commands based on the function name, as implemented in the FTG userbot and its forks. However, in the course of development this was recognised as an inconvenient and non-obvious way of registration

:::
