# ðŸ¤– Additional bot functions
**Here you can see additional bot features to use when creating modules.**

## ðŸ“¥ Load module

```python
def load_module(self, name: str) -> Optional[str]:
```

::: info
Where name is the `name` of the module folder, followed by the internal name. Returns the base name of the module (specified in `info.yaml`) on success, and `None` on failure
:::



## ðŸ“¤ Unload module

```python
def unload_module(self, name: str):
```

::: info
`name` by analogy with load. Doesn't return anything
:::
::: warning
Don't forget to use the `on_unload` callback to safely terminate all event loops (or other tasks), otherwise it risks leaking them into memory
:::



## âœ… Downloading module

Modules are only installed from remote git repositories

```python
def install_from_git(self, url: str) -> (int, str):
```

::: info
`url` - Link to the remote repo. Returns a tuple of `git` and `STDOUT` exit code
:::



## ðŸ”ƒ Check for module updates

```python
def check_for_updates(self, name: str, directory: str) -> Optional[bool]:
```

:::info
`name` - internal name of the module or extension, `directory` - the folder with the modules or extensions. Returns `True` if there are new commits, `False` if up-to-date, or `None` on error
:::



## ðŸ”„ Updating a module/extension

```python
def update_from_git(self, name: str, directory: str) -> (int, str):
```

::: info
`name` - internal name of the module or extension, `directory` - the folder with the modules or extensions. Returns a tuple of `git` and `STDOUT` output code
:::



## ðŸ—‘ï¸ Deleting a module

```python
def uninstall_module(self, name: str) -> bool:
```

::: info
`name` - internal name of the module. Returns `True` - success, `False` - failure
:::



## â¬‡ï¸ Getting an internal name from a common name

```python
def get_int_name(self, name: str) -> Optional[str]:
```

::: info
`name` - module name. Returns the internal module name on success.
:::
